Update enable-the-report-message-add-in.md (#7000)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/enable-the-report-message-add-in.md

- Organizations that have a URL filtering or security solution (such as a proxy and/or firewall) in place, must have ipagave.azurewebsites.net and outlook.office.com endpoints allowed to be reached on HTTPS protocol.

### Turn off the built-in reporting experience

We don't recommend the built-in reporting experience in Outlook because it can't use the [user submission policy](./user-submission.md). We recommend using the Report Message add-in or the Report Phishing add-in instead.

> You need to be assigned permissions before you can run this cmdlet.  To find the permissions required to run any cmdlet or parameter in your organization, see [Find the permissions required to run any Exchange cmdlet](/powershell/exchange/find-exchange-cmdlet-permissions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to be assigned permissions before you can run this cmdlet. To find the permissions required to run any cmdlet or parameter in your organization, see [Find the permissions required to run any Exchange cmdlet](/powershell/exchange/find-exchange-cmdlet-permissions).
```

> Below is the powershell command to dsable the built-in reporting experience

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following PowerShell command to disable the built-in reporting experience:
```
